README.md, before:

CMPT 470 Tech Evaluation
========================

Due: 24 October 2012 1700 PT

By: [Randy Tarampi](https://github.com/randytarampi), [Steven Evans](https://github.com/FaceBones) & [Conrad Locke](https://github.com/clocke)

Featuring Django and will be located at http://cmpt470.csil.sfu.ca:8017

A half completed version was submitted on the 24th, which can be found tagged as [final](https://github.com/randytarampi/awesomeTechEval/tree/final), though we intend on finishing the features that we did not complete at a later date.

Actually, instead of "finishing" it, we're going to use this as a testing ground for stuff we find online.

"Dependenices":
-------------

These aren't quite dependencies yet, but we're planning on using them in our project somehow.

Now "requires" dajax & dajaxice which can be found [here](http://www.dajaxproject.com/).
Also includes jQuery 1.7.2, which can be found [here](http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.7.2.js).

Acknowledgements:
-----------------

The Poll was based on the [official Django tutorial](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.3/intro/tutorial01/).
The Blog was based on the tutorial found [here](http://lightbird.net/dbe/blog.html).
The [Calendar](http://lightbird.net/dbe/cal1.html) and [Forum](http://lightbird.net/dbe/forum1.html) were also based on similar tutorials.

Thanks to [Kevin](https://github.com/kevinmannn) and [Derek](https://github.com/derekfong) for fielding [my](https://github.com/randytarampi) endless questions about what to look at (nav bars!) & how to get things rolling and (also to anyone else I bothered with) my loud ranting about how high the learning curve was.

Also, thanks to the people behind the Django admin interface as we borrowed their general styling/design (yay for boring colours!)

Commit message:

Attributing the HTML5 Boilerplate CSS reset.

README.md, after:

CMPT 470 Tech Evaluation
========================

Due: 24 October 2012 1700 PT

By: [Randy Tarampi](https://github.com/randytarampi), [Steven Evans](https://github.com/FaceBones) & [Conrad Locke](https://github.com/clocke)

Featuring Django and will be located at http://cmpt470.csil.sfu.ca:8017

A half completed version was submitted on the 24th, which can be found tagged as [final](https://github.com/randytarampi/awesomeTechEval/tree/final), though we intend on finishing the features that we did not complete at a later date.

Actually, instead of "finishing" it, we're going to use this as a testing ground for stuff we find online.

"Dependenices":
-------------

These aren't quite dependencies yet, but we're planning on using them in our project somehow.

Now "requires" dajax & dajaxice which can be found [here](http://www.dajaxproject.com/).
Also includes jQuery 1.7.2, which can be found [here](http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.7.2.js).


This project uses the HTML5 Boilerplate CSS reset, which can be found [here](https://github.com/h5bp/html5-boilerplate/blob/master/css/main.css)

Acknowledgements:
-----------------

The Poll was based on the [official Django tutorial](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.3/intro/tutorial01/).
The Blog was based on the tutorial found [here](http://lightbird.net/dbe/blog.html).
The [Calendar](http://lightbird.net/dbe/cal1.html) and [Forum](http://lightbird.net/dbe/forum1.html) were also based on similar tutorials.

Thanks to [Kevin](https://github.com/kevinmannn) and [Derek](https://github.com/derekfong) for fielding [my](https://github.com/randytarampi) endless questions about what to look at (nav bars!) & how to get things rolling and (also to anyone else I bothered with) my loud ranting about how high the learning curve was.

Also, thanks to the people behind the Django admin interface as we borrowed their general styling/design (yay for boring colours!)
